---
layout: post
title: Hello 2008
date: 2007-12-31
tags: ["2008","life"]
---

With 2007 fast coming to a close, I thought it would be a good time to come up with some plans for 2008. This is not a comprehensive list; I hope to achieve a bit more than just this, but it will be interesting to look back a year from now to see how I got on. It's probably also obvious this list reflects some of the immediate things on my mind (my N800 should arrive later this week and Zelda on the DS arrived for Christmas).

*   Hack around with the N800 - lots of thoughts on this, too many for this post.
*   Get the MythTV box fully up to date - its running an ancient version on a hand-built Debian kernel and X server which makes any update near impossible to apply. Fortunately, a stock Ubuntu these days has all of the hardware support that was missing 4 (!) years ago.
*   Finish Zelda on DS and Wii - progress on the Wii has been held up by kitchen renovations. Zelda on the DS is my favourite game for a very long time, although it will have stiff competition from Super Mario Galaxy when I finally get around to buying it.
*   Renovate the bathroom - how hard can it be to move a doorway, build a walk-in shower and re-plumb the entire thing?
*   Decorate the dining room and living room - say goodbye to the Artex ceilings and walls.
*   Read more of the books I should have read
*   Take more photos.
*   Blog more - I've lost the momentum over the past few months. It feels as good a time as any to pick it up again.
*   Visit our friends in Scotland and the Shetlands - that really is a long way North.

As for New Year's resolutions, well, I've got a couple more hours to think of them.