---
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 7
tags: ["weeknotes"]
---

 - Had a bit of a DIY mishap this week. Whilst putting some shelves up in T's room,
   I managed to drill all the way through into his sister's room. One of her Beanie
   Babies came very close to getting a hole in the head. Nothing that a bit of polyfilla
   can't fix - the wall that is.

   It did make me realise how thin and hollow the wall joining their bedrooms is. It's
   That's sent me down the rabbit hole of how to improve the sound insulation of
   an interior wall. Most solutions seem to involve adding extra layers to the
   outside of the walls. It feels like there should be some way of filling in the
   cavity - as you would external walls.

   Any ideas? More research needed.

 - My gmail email address is `nick.oleary@....`. What not every knows is gmail actually
   ignores the `.` in the address. This means `nickoleary@...` also works, as would
   `n.ickoleary@gmail...` and so on. I'm sure there's a reason for that, but it does
   mean I quite regularly receive emails for other people because they have missed
   typed their address. It's always a fun experience to see how companies handle
   that when I report it.

   In the past I've received the complete confidential company accounts for an Australian
   winery. The accountant asked me to not open the attachments and delete them.
   I've received the tickets and itinerary for a family of four's break to Cancún, which sadly
   clashed with a holiday we already had booked. In that instance the itinerary also
   had the wife's email address listed, so I managed to reunite them.

   I'm currently receiving monthly reminders to get a different Nick O'Leary's Toyota
   serviced somewhere in Texas. And just this evening I've received a receipt for
   $400 and confirmation of subscription to some sort of medical services company.

   If you're going to use someone's email address as a key part of the service you
   provide, verify the email address.

 - We finished watching The Great this week. It may not be the most historically
   accurate program, but it's been very watchable. Nicholas Hoult is clearly having
   a lot of fun playing the unpredictable and hapless Peter III. Looking forward
   to the second series whenever that may arrive.

 - We've still slowly working through the last series of Downton Abbey having had
   a break from it for a few weeks. Only a few more episodes to go and then the movie.

 - I've failed to read a single page of Mythos for yet another week. And the pile
   of other books to read has grown. I've got a couple weeks holiday coming up soon - whilst
   we won't be going anywhere (kids in school, we're still all locked down etc), maybe
   I'll get some more reading done through the day... I suspect that's wishful thinking.

 - Interrupting these weeknotes as I've just discovered our drains are blocked and
   close to overflowing. An early trip to screwfix to get some drain rods
   then.

 - The calm before the storm. But more on that next week.