---
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 3
tags: ["weeknotes"]
---


 - Still going for Weeknote Tuesdays. Four weeks and counting.

 - This last week got unexpectedly expensive. A new dishwasher (replacing a 13?
   year old one that had started to play up), a new phone (replacing a 3 year old
   one that had started to plummet from 50% battery to 0 in a matter of seconds)
   and a new MacBook Pro (decided it was time to have my own personal machine
   rather than lean too heavily on my work-provided laptop).

 - The dishwasher was easy quick and easy to replace. Only one incident where I
   thought the water supply was turned off but it the little plastic valve handle
   was broken, so when I turned it, it actually rotated in place and left the water
   very much still on.

 - The phone, a Google Pixel 4a, wasn't too much work to migrate from my previous phone.
   Sure, I had to get 1Password installed early on to save me typing all of those
   randomly generated passwords too much. Oh, and I had to migrate all the 2FA
   tokens over. The last time I had done that, 3 years ago, Google Authenticator
   didn't (as far as I can remember) offer a way to migrate. So with that in
   mind, I spent an hour manually resetting the 2FA setup on about a dozen services
   so I could get it setup on the new phone. I tweeted my angst and of course
   someone helpfully pointed out that Google Authenticate *does* now provide a way
   to migrate the tokens without having to reset anything. Lesson learnt for next time.

 - The laptop, a Macbook Pro with the new M1 chip is a lovely machine. Not had
   time to do a lot with it yet. Didn't have the energy to do the 1Password dance
   on a second device whilst also getting my phone setup. I went with the 8Gb rather
   than 16Gb version. Whilst it saved some money, the main reason was the 16Gb version
   had a month-long shipping delay whereas the 8Gb would arrive the next day.
   Having done some research, I convinced myself that 8Gb would be plenty for
   what I'll be asking of it.

   I did weigh-up whether the new machine needed to be a laptop at all. I'd seen
   a few people on twitter have this debate. Given I'm working at home for the
   foreseeable future, there's no real need for a device I can take out of the house.
   So something like a Mac Mini would do the job just as well. Not to mention,
   it's a personal machine and not a work machine, so the whole working-at-home
   thing is a bit of a red herring.

   Ultimately I decided I still wanted to be able to roam the house with the machine.
   How else would I get these weeknotes written at 11:30pm at night whilst watching
   TV?

 - I did my first Node-RED Office hours last Friday. I had two calls with people
   in the community, the first discussing how to remotely manage Node-RED across
   a collection of devices in far-off locations. The second call was looking at
   a plane tracking system that uses Raspberry Pis and Software-Defined Radios
   to intercept the various radio signals (and satellite comms) emitted by planes
   to track them in the sky. You can find out more [here](http://thebaldgeek.net/index.php/flight-radar/).

   I've got another two calls scheduled already for this week - looking forward
   to see what topics they bring.

   If you want to schedule some time with me for a chat about Node-RED, then
   you can do that [right here](https://calendly.com/knolleary).

 - I've failed to read a single page of my book this week; too busy getting
   things done in the evening to leave myself any time to read.

 - I did review four chapters of a Node-RED book that is being published later
   this year. I've always wanted to write a Node-RED book - and have certainly been asked.
   But there are two things that hold me back. Firstly, I'm aware the Node-RED
   project documentation needs lots of work. My natural sensibility is to think
   any effort writing words about Node-RED ought to go into the documentation for
   all to benefit from, rather than into a book for people to buy.

   My other worry is the time it takes to do properly. [Dale has written a book](https://dalelane.co.uk/blog/?p=4277)
   which I look forward to getting. But I know from our conversations how much work that was
   to do. Anyone who manages to do something like that above and beyond they day job
   has my admiration.

   So I was happy to act as a technical reviewer for this new book. It'll be nice
   to add an English-language Node-RED book to the two Japanese ones I already
   have.

   I think there is still plenty of room for other Node-RED books to get written.
   Something for another day.

 - We watched [Wonder Woman 1984](https://amzn.to/3q5FkYp) this week. It was okay.
   The DC universe just don't engage with me the way the Marvel universe does.

 - Speaking of which, WandaVision is very good. I have to admit, after three
   episodes of retro-style sitcom it didn't feel like it was getting anywhere.
   It felt like it needed to shift gears and for things to start happening.

   And then episode four arrived and the gears were definitely shifted and things
   happened.

 - Are these weeknotes interesting to anyone? The content may not be riveting,
   but as long as I keep writing them, then they are working for me.

   There's some stuff on the horizon that I'm itching to write about. But as these
   are meant to be about what I've done this week, not what's coming up, I mustn't
   get ahead of myself. Maybe I'll start blogging non-weeknote things at some point.
