---
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 6
tags: ["weeknotes"]
---

 - Not much to share this week. But rather than skip it, lets get something written down.
   Apologies in advance.

 - Having signed up to Spotify last week, this week we went through our boxes of CDs
   and systematically 'liked' them all on spotify. That way we can hide the CDs in the
   loft but still browse what we've got in the app. No idea if that makes sense,
   but it felt useful to do. Is that how everyone else does it?

 - I did a click and collect at IKEA this weekend. As I arrived, they took my order
   number, took a note of my car number plate and asked me to park and wait in the car.
   A few minutes later someone brought my order out in a trolley, wiped the handles
   and then left me to it. All told, I was there for about 10 minutes. It was bliss.

 - Just a few days of home schooling left (for now). In amongst all of that, we got the
   email confirmation that T has got into the local secondary school. It *should*
   have been a formality given its right next door to his current school and it's
   walking distance from our house. But until you see it in writing, you just don't know.

   It's still 7 months away, but I really can't comprehend him going to secondary
   school. I hope most of the current disruptions have passed by then so he can
   have a relatively normal experience moving up. Not going to think about it.

 - I've run out of interesting things to write about. It's late, I'm tired, my
   laptop battery is dying and we've just remembered we've got to put the cover
   on the duvet before we can go to bed. That'll do.